---
layout: post
title: "where am i?"
date:   2024-10-20 14:54:44 -0500
tags: [general]
---
yesterday was interesting so i finally have content to share. we went to
- a vintage market
- watch a film as a part of the chicago film festival
- eat ramen
- a jazz bar

it was a really really fun day, and chicago is actually a beautiful city.

i cannot balance the stress of impending deadlines and doing fun things at the
same time. when i am doing a fun thing i think i really need to block out any
guilt that i am not doing work in that moment.

otherwise, it is also a really weird thing to carve out a place of your own as
an exchange student. expectations unclear, difficult waters to navigate.

i feel so tense.

for those who know omri, i saw him this morning and we had a very nice brief
chat!

sending lots of love and only the warmest regards to wherever you are!

cheers,
coco

### Fjodors Aleksejevs
It's me, Fedor - the only real person in your mailing list. I created multiple accounts to make an illusion of popularity, but in fact it is all me. "Stanford", would you believe that person is real? Ridiculous...

Cheers,
Fjordor

Get Outlook for Android

### Stanford Guo
Cheers Fedor,

Have you been talking to your friends again?

It is I, "Stanford", one of the voices in your head, gently reminding you to take your meds! We wouldn't want a relapse of what happened last time, would we?

The truth is, "Stanford" does not actually exist, and neither does the rest of this mailing list. "Coco" and I have been placing bets within your head to see when you would make the realization on your own, but I decided to be nice and give you a little bump in the right direction. 

~Wake up, wake up, wake up~...

Creamy embraces,
"Stanford"

### Fjodors Aleksejevs
I see void talking again, how ironic. What is the power of a "person" to me if it is just an email I can delete. How many horsepowers is your ai? 
Was this metamodernic joke also prompted?

Cheers,
🇱🇻


Get Outlook for Android


