---
layout: post
title:  "i'm well!"
date:   2024-10-15 10:27:13 -0500
tags: [general]
---
hello all,

i've been so so busy but i am doing well! just a lot of running around.

i hope you are all well and please tell me what you are up to (here or dm)!
any major life updates? anyone pregnant?

cheers,
coco

### Fjodors Aleksejevs
Everyone pregnant.
### Julien Jeagal
Glad to head from you Fjodor and congratulations! Sad to say no one is pregnant here in New York

### Nastasia Wittig
hello 

im okay

im applying for a job i actually want and if they reject me immediately ill cri
### Nora Zhu
hii! i think my previous emails simply did not send... i haven't figured out how to send them yet... praying this one reaches y'all ~

im okay! midterms are hitting me like 17 trucks but it is what it is...

currently attending my first microecon lecture since week 1 and feeling very awkward... may have failed that midterm... we'll see...

much love!

### Theodore Radvanyi
just succumbed to the dogmatism immanent to the object and they kicked me out of critical theory school. i got hit with “erm, reified consciousness much? “ and then i couldn’t come up with  a comeback. my life is ruined 
### Nora Zhu
hiii i am trying to email again because i don't think the lists accepted me as a real person before... hopefully this reaches everyone!!

im okay! midterms are hitting me like 17 trucks but it is what it is...

currently attending my first microecon lecture since week 1 and feeling very awkward... may have gotten like 40% on that midterm... we'll see...

much love!
### Stanford Guo
hello everyone

I am watching my professor spin a randomized wheel 5 times to determine if i will do an impromptu speech today.

wish me much luck,

your highness,,
stanford <3

### Stanford Guo
Hi Drive My Plow,


i’m ur biggest fan! please perform again on my birthday for the 3rd year in a
row!

hugs,
stanford

Sent from my iPhone





